think if you're in B2B you should have a
pricing page full stop if it doesn't
matter if you're a Service Company a
tech company or SAS company
unless you want to feed kind of poor
quality leads or opportunities to your
sales team and there's no real excuse I
mean if you're in SAS or Tech then you
tip you're going to have the typical
three tiers right you'll jump on the
pricing page tier a
20 a month could be fifty dollars a
month TSC 100 and then Enterprise like
requester consultant sales that's the
book standard option right but the
beauty of pricing pages is when they
show transparency
two they actually make sure that the
prospect has got budget and to work with
you so you can send that leads to sales
but
um I think a lot of companies neglect is
they can handle objections
so you can address those common
questions that you get on sales calls
like for example in our SEO pricing page
I'll say one of my questions is isn't it
quicker to do Google ads and then I say
yes it is
um but SEO is going to be Evergreen
organic searchable content so what are
those common questions you get on sales
schools address them head on it will
save your sales team time and pain and
if you get common objections raised
again address those head-on whether
that's FAQs at the bottom maybe a video
summary and then you can whack in some
social proof so you can put in some nice
customer success stories or videos or
testimonials in there